Xu Tao
Damn you, is this stinky security guard Wu Xiaoqiang's?
It's okay, you can still come to gamble on stones
Chen Xuyang, if I remember correctly
It's working hours now, right?
It was Mr. Huang
Brother Qiang has already said that he wants to support me.
I have quit this job
Mr. Huang
I heard that you are starting to lose your salary
These rough stones?
Give it to me
There's no good one for him anyway
Don't talk nonsense
I'm all good rocks
This stinky security guard knows nothing
It's a fucking eyesore
Get out of here, I've already ordered this batch of rough stones.
What do you want to book?
You can't even pay your salary
It's not a verbal reservation, is it?
Ahahahaha
So fucking funny
If the emperor believes me, I will let you
Ahahaha
Boss this
Please don't deceive me.
Hey, I will cheat.
No no no no
Is that your famous hand kiss?
It's exactly the same as a knife down.
It won't be cut. It's too far.
Didn't I tell you to get out?
Talk nonsense again, be careful I'll pull out your tongue
But the original has been given to you
Whether it is good or bad has nothing to do with us
Come on.
I'm still waiting to see him regret it
Cut in two
Adding my ancestral heritage back to my legs started three generations
How could there be a deviation?
You are the eighteenth generation of ancestors
It's not as good as my headgear
Xue Tao, you are so arrogant and talkative
So annoying
No wonder you've been a stinky security guard all your life
Your dog spit ivory out of his mouth, get out of here
Don't be annoying here
How did you mess with such a little shrew?
Ah!
How could this be?
I have clearly calculated it, and it will not be wrong.
How dare you lie to me?
The rough stone that Lao Tzu bought at a high price
A bunch of big money for you to drive
You have to pay me